_pages/about_kozak.md, before:

# Kozak Hou

###### Applied CSE, Imperial College London

<br>

I am a master's student advised by [Gerard Gorman](https://profiles.imperial.ac.uk/g.gorman/about) in the MSc Applied Computational Science and Engineering program at Imperial College London. My research interests are in applied science and machine learning. Recently, I have been working on developing a machine learning model [Regression-based Physics Informed Neural Networks](https://github.com/KozakHou/Reg-PINNs) for empirical equation on EVERY applied sciences. I am fortunate to have received sponsorship from the Centre for Computational Methods in Science and Engineering (CMSE).

Prior to my master's, I completed my bachelor's degree in Space Science and Engineering with a credit program in Interdicipline Artificial Intilligence at National Central University in Taiwan (2020-2024). I was privileged to be advised by [Chun-Yu Lin](https://sites.google.com/site/lincytw/) and [Jih-Hong Shue](http://themis.ss.ncu.edu.tw/e_taiwan_themis.htm) for their guidance in high-performance scientific computing and numerical methods in space physics.

Commit message:

Deploying to gh-pages from @ KozakHou/KozakHou.github.io@76fba878636c92f02935579f2cbb25f0b998e90e 🚀

_pages/about_kozak.md, after:

# Kozak Hou

###### Applied CSE, Imperial College London

<br>


I am a master's student emrolled in the MSc [Applied Computational Science and Engineering program](https://www.imperial.ac.uk/study/courses/postgraduate-taught/applied-computational-science/) at Imperial College London. My research interests are in applied science and machine learning. Recently, I have been working on developing a machine learning model [Regression-based Physics Informed Neural Networks](https://kozakhou.github.io/projects/1_project/) for empirical equations across all fields of applied science, especially in electromagnetic wave and plasma simulation.

Prior to my master's, I completed my bachelor's degree in Space Science and Engineering with a credit program in Interdicipline Artificial Intilligence at National Central University in Taiwan (2020-2024). I was privileged to be advised by [Chun-Yu Lin](https://sites.google.com/site/lincytw/) and [Jih-Hong Shue](http://themis.ss.ncu.edu.tw/e_taiwan_themis.htm) for their guidance in high-performance scientific computing and numerical methods in space physics
